Server updates (#1173)
minio/docs: source/reference/minio-mc/mc-tag-set.rst

.. end-mc-tag-set-desc

> An object can have up to 10 tags.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
MinIO supports adding up to 10 custom tags to an object.
```
